Teams baseline update based on the pilot feedback and internal testing (#397)
cisagov/ScubaGear: baselines/teams.md

# CISA M365 Security Configuration Baseline for Teams

Microsoft Teams is a text and live chat workspace in Microsoft 365 that
supports video calls, chat messaging, screen-sharing, and file sharing.
It has a permission-based team structure for managing calls and files.
Microsoft teams also enables teams to manage their own user access
rights, security policies, and record video calls.

> ## Key Terminology

Author: Good catch - addressed in the latest push.

license level. Therefore, only licenses not included in E3/G3 are
listed.

> ## Resources

Author: Updated sections to the new style guide format.

documents to develop innovative and scalable configuration standards to
strengthen the security of widely used cloud-based software services.

# Baseline

## 1. Requesting Control of Shared Desktops or Windows

This setting controls whether external meeting participants can request
control of the shared desktop or window during the meeting. In this
instance, the term “external participants” includes external users, B2B
guest users, unmanaged users and anonymous users.

> 

Author: Updated all section headings to the example style (except for sections 11,12,13 which are defender dependent and need discussion).

### License Requirements
- N/A

### Implementation
All the settings in this section are configured in the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).

#### MS.TEAMS.2.1v1, instructions:

1.  Sign in to the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).
2.  Select **Meetings >** **Meeting** **policies**.

3.  Select the **Global (Org-wide default)** policy.

4.  Under the **Meeting join & lobby** section **,** ensure
    **Who can bypass the lobby** is *not* set to **Everyone**. Bypassing the lobby should be set to **People in my org**, though other options may be used if needed. 

5.  In the same section, set **People dialing in can bypass the lobby** to
    **Off**.

#### MS.TEAMS.2.2v1, instructions:

1.  Sign in to the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).
2.  Select **Meetings >** **Meeting** **policies**.

3.  Select the **Global (Org-wide default)** policy.

4.  Under the **Meeting join & lobby** section **,** ensure
    **Who can bypass the lobby** is set to **People in my org**.

5.  In the same section, set **People dialing in can bypass the lobby** to
    **Off**.

> #### MS.TEAMS.2.3v1, instructions:

Reviewer: After reviewing the instructions for MS.TEAMS.2.1v1, MS.TEAMS.2.2v1, and MS.TEAMS.2.3v1, they seem to be the same policy. Even though the policy statements are worded differently and mention different target user groups, the implementation makes it clear that all of these are referencing the "Who can bypass the lobby" setting under the Meeting Policies > Global (Org-wide default) policy.

My recommendation is to combine these three into a single policy which may read something like "****Everyone** SHOULD NOT be admitted automatically in the Global (Org-wide default) meeting policy**" or similar. The term Everyone in this context refers to the setting value of "Everyone" in the drop down box. Any value other than Everyone would be compliant with the policy. There are numerous compliant values that an agency user could select including People in my org and guests, People in my org, trusted orgs and guests, People in my org, and more. ScubaGear would produce a Pass for any of those values, as long as Everyone is not the selected value.
I think this will give flexibility to agencies and they can decide how strict they want to make the setting (as long as they don't allow Everyone to automatically join) for their use cases.

![image](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/assets/107076927/255aab59-21e2-4c32-92f1-de8f46c05e9c)

Reviewer 2: I get that "Everyone" is an option from the dropdown, but I think "Everyone SHOULD NOT be admitted automatically" is confusing. To me it reads as "No one should be admitted automatically," which isn't what we're going for at all.

Also, "just don't select everyone" isn't actually equivalent to our current policies, as "only organizers and co-organizers" and "people who were invited" aren't options that meet the current MS.TEAMS.2.2v1. I think the rationale for dictating that internal users should be admitted automatically is to reduce "admit fatigue," if users have to manually admit everyone they might be more likely to admit everyone without thought. You could argue that this isn't a big deal, and I could accept that, but I wanted to at least point it out.

Author: IMO this group still need three policies may be with modified Notes. 
The first sub-policy that block automatic admittance for anonymous users may not need a custom policy exemption. The second one to allow internal users is to avoid admit fatigue as Alden called above. The third "MAY" policy need better clarification in the notes about custom policy aspect. We can discuss this along with a possible grouping of 1,2,3 and 9.

- N/A

### Implementation
All the settings in this section are configured in the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).

> #### MS.TEAMS.1.1v1, instructions:

Reviewer: Let me know what you all decide on this. No preference from me.
If we change it, we need to update the [markdown style guide](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/blob/Baseline-Markdown-Style-Guide/baselines/Example.md) and at a minimum AAD and SharepointOneDrive because I'm using the same format as this Teams pull request branch.

> #### MS.TEAMS.1.1v1, instructions:

Author: Based on latest style guide changes, removed the comma in all instructions sub-headings.

control of the shared desktop or window in the meeting:

1.  Sign in to the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).

2.  Select **Meetings** > **Meeting policie**s.

3.  Select the **Global (Org-wide default)** policy.

4.  Under the **Content sharing** section, set **External
    participant can give or request control** to **Off**.

5.  If custom policies have been created, repeat these steps for each
    policy, selecting the appropriate policy in step 3.

## 2. Automatic Admittance into meetings
This setting controls which meeting participants wait in the lobby
before they are admitted to the meeting.

### Policies

#### MS.TEAMS.2.1v1
Anonymous users, including dial-in users, SHOULD NOT be admitted automatically in the Global (Org-wide default) meeting policy.
- _Rationale:_ TODO add rationale.
- _Last modified:_ July 2023
- Custom meeting policies MAY be created that allow more flexibility for specific users.

#### MS.TEAMS.2.2v1
Internal users SHOULD be admitted automatically in the Global (Org-wide default) meeting policy.
- _Rationale:_ TODO add rationale.
- _Last modified:_ July 2023

> - Custom meeting policies MAY be created that allow more flexibility for specific users.

Reviewer: Agree with @adhilto - place this in a Note field.
Question: What is the purpose of this sentence about custom meeting policies? If we removed it, what would be the impact to the user?
2nd question: Can a customer create a custom meeting policy that overrides the Global policy? If yes, then maybe the note should be a warning to the user that a custom policy can affect the security of the tenant even if a global policy is set.

> - Custom meeting policies MAY be created that allow more flexibility for specific users.

Author: Updated to add a Note. 
About the custom policies: they do override global policy. Custom policies are assigned to specific users or groups to provide more flexibility. Policy 2.x need further fine-tuning (tbd)

#### MS.TEAMS.2.3v1
B2B guest users MAY be admitted automatically in the Global (Org-wide default) meeting policy.
- _Rationale:_ TODO add rationale.
- _Last modified:_ July 2023
- Custom meeting policies MAY be created that allow more flexibility for specific users.

### Resources
- [Meeting policy settings - Participants & guests \| Microsoft
  Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/meeting-policies-participants-and-guests)

### License Requirements
- N/A

### Implementation
All the settings in this section are configured in the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).

#### MS.TEAMS.2.1v1, instructions:

1.  Sign in to the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).
2.  Select **Meetings >** **Meeting** **policies**.

3.  Select the **Global (Org-wide default)** policy.

4.  Under the **Meeting join & lobby** section **,** ensure
    **Who can bypass the lobby** is *not* set to **Everyone**. Bypassing the lobby should be set to **People in my org**, though other options may be used if needed. 

> 5.  In the same section, set **People dialing in can bypass the lobby** to

Reviewer: I think the configuration for "People dialing in can bypass the lobby SHOULD be set to off" should be represented in the policy description because it is a separate config in the Teams admin center. Instead of trying to add it to the existing policy, maybe just create a new one in this same section. It is currently missing from the policies. We had a similar case in AAD and I ended up creating a policy for it during Emerald.

![image](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/assets/107076927/97557781-7e7b-4212-a458-cdee1249d682)

Author: Policy 2.1 includes dialing in users:
![MS_TEAMS_2 1](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/assets/104993331/80607174-9c34-41cc-b789-a3f76b88e540)

- _Rationale:_ For any agencies that implemented custom policies that provided more flexibility to some users to automatically admit "everyone" to a meeting - this policy provides protection from anonymous users starting meeting to scrape internal contacts. 
- _Last modified:_ July 2023

### Resources
- [Meeting policy settings - Participants & guests \| Microsoft
Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/meeting-policies-participants-and-guests)

### License Requirements
- N/A

### Implementation
All the settings in this section are configured in the [**Microsoft Teams admin center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com). 
#### MS.TEAMS.3.1v1, instructions:
To configure settings for anonymous users:

1.  Sign in to the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).
2.  Select **Meetings >** **Meeting policies**.

3.  Select the **Global (Org-wide default)** policy.

4.  Under the **Meeting join & lobby** section **,** set **Anonymous users and dial-in callers can start a meeting** to **Off.**

5.  If custom policies have been created, repeat these steps for each
    policy, selecting the appropriate policy in step 3.

> ## 4. External User Access

Reviewer: The hyperlink to the OMB Max Site is presumably there to provide a list of .gov domains but what is a user supposed to do with this information?

- The OMB Max Site requires a login. Are all government users supposed to be able to login there? Once they are in, what are they supposed to do? We don't provide any instructions for navigating that site. 
- Are we expecting a user to enter the list of every government .gov domain into the Teams allowable domain configuration?

managed by an
organization](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/manage-external-access#manage-contact-with-external-teams-users-not-managed-by-an-organization). All the settings in this section are configured in the [**Microsoft Teams admin center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).

#### MS.TEAMS.5.1v1 instructions:
    
1.  Sign in to the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).
2.  Select **Users > External access.**

3.  To completely block contact with unmanaged users, under **Teams
    accounts not managed by an organization**, set **People in my
    organization can communicate with Teams users whose accounts aren't
    managed by an organization** to **Off**.
    
4.  To allow contact with unmanaged users only if the internal user
    initiates the contact:

    1.  Under **Teams accounts not managed by an organization**, set **People in my organization can communicate with Teams users whose accounts aren't managed by an organization** to **On**.

    2.  Clear the check next to **External users with Teams accounts not managed by an organization can contact users in my organization**.

> #### MS.TEAMS.5.2v1 instructions:

Reviewer: The policies in Section 5 are confusing and appear to conflict with each other. Let's discuss these verbally. Policy 5.1 seems to have two different compliant configuration states (as noted by instructions steps 3 and 4 which cannot be configured at the same time since they represent two distinct states. Policy 5.2 has a single compliant configuration state (noted by instruction step 3) which is identical to policy 5.1 step 3 and therefore seems duplicative.

Overall, I cannot think of a good business case where you would want a federal agency user to communicate with an unmanaged user (i.e. does not belong to an organization on the approved domain list from policy MS.TEAMS.4.1v1). We can discuss so I can hear your feedback from the pilots and ideas.  

I believe there should only be a single compliant policy / configuration: Completely block contact with unmanaged users: under **Teams accounts not managed by an organization**, set **People in my organization can communicate with Teams users whose accounts aren't managed by an organization** to **Off**.

### Implementation

All the settings in this section are configured in the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).

#### MS.TEAMS.6.1v1 instructions:

1.  Sign in to the **[Microsoft Teams admin
    center](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).**

2.  Select **Users > External access.**

3.  Under **Skype** users, set **Allow users in my organization to
    communicate with Skype users** to **Off**.

4.  Click **Save**.

## 7. Teams Email Integration
This section helps reduce security risks related to teams email integration. Teams provides an optional feature that allows channels to have an email address and receive email.

### Policies
#### MS.TEAMS.7.1v1
Teams email integration SHALL be disabled.

> - _Rationale:_ The security risk with Microsoft Team's email integration is due to the fact that Teams channel's email addresses are not under the tenant’s domain, rather they are associated with the Microsoft-owned domain of "teams.ms". By disabling Teams email integration the risk of use of emails outside of the agency's security settings control is minimized.

Reviewer: I do not understand what is meant by "By disabling Teams email integration the risk of use of emails outside of the agency's security settings control is minimized."
Needs clarity.

- _Last modified:_ July 2023

### Resources

- [Email Integration \| Microsoft
Docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/settings-policies-reference#email-integration)

> ### License Requirements

Reviewer: The requirements state that teams email integration is not available in certain tenants. Does the ScubaGear code take this into account and not produce a false negative?

Reviewer 2: Yes. In fact I just fixed a bug with how we were checking the tenant type. https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/pull/333

### Implementation

> All the settings in this section are configured in the **Microsoft Teams admin center**.

Reviewer 2: For similar statements made for MS.TEAMS.1 through MS.TEAMS.5, "Microsoft Teams admin center" was a link. Recommend changing this to a link for consistency.

Author: Updated to add a link.

### Implementation

All the settings in this section are configured in the [**Microsoft Teams admin
    center**](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).

#### MS.TEAMS.7.1v1 instructions:

1.  Sign in to the **[Microsoft Teams admin
    center](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).**

2.  Select **Teams** > **Teams Settings**.

> 3.  Under the **Email integration** section, set **Allow users to send

Reviewer: The actual configuration setting on the admin center screen is worded slightly different from the instructions.

![image](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/assets/107076927/32624266-6a2c-43f5-ad30-6da2239dd058)

### Implementation

> All the settings in this section are configured in the **Microsoft Teams admin center**.

Reviewer 2: For similar statements made for MS.TEAMS.1 through MS.TEAMS.5, "Microsoft Teams admin center" was a link. Recommend changing this to a link for consistency.

Author: Updated to add a link.

4.  Set **Third-party apps** to **Block all apps**, unless specific apps
    have been approved by the agency, in which case select **Allow
    specific apps and block all others**.

5.  Set **Custom apps** to **Block all apps**, unless specific apps have
    been approved by the agency, in which case select **Allow specific
    apps and block all others**.

6.  Click **Save**.

7.  If custom policies have been created, repeat these steps for each
    policy, selecting the appropriate policy in step 3.

## 9. Cloud Recording of Teams Meetings

This section helps reduce security risks related to the cloud recording user permissions for Teams meetings. These user permissions apply to meetings hosted by a user, during one-on-one calls, and on group calls started by a user. Agencies should comply with any other applicable policies or legislation in addition to this guidance.

### Policies

#### MS.TEAMS.9.1v1
Cloud video recording SHOULD be disabled in the Global (org-wide default) meeting policy and all custom policies.
- _Rationale:_ TODO
- _Last modified:_ July 2023
- _Note:_ Custom policies MAY be created to allow more flexibility for specific users.

#### MS.TEAMS.9.2v1

> For all meeting polices (Global (org-wide default) meeting policy and all custom policies) that allow cloud recording, recordings SHOULD be stored inside the country of that agencys tenant.

Reviewer 2: Minor typo
```suggestion
For all meeting polices (Global (org-wide default) meeting policy and all custom policies) that allow cloud recording, recordings SHOULD be stored inside the country of that agency's tenant.
```

### Implementation

> All the settings in this section are configured in the **Microsoft Teams admin center**.

Reviewer 2: For similar statements made for MS.TEAMS.1 through MS.TEAMS.5, "Microsoft Teams admin center" was a link. Recommend changing this to a link for consistency.

Author: Updated to add a link.

2.  Select **Meetings** > **Meeting policies**.

3.  Create a new policy by selecting **Add**. Give this new policy a
    name and appropriate description.

4.  Under the **Recording & transcription** section, set **Cloud
    recording** to **On**.

5.  Select **Save**.

6.  After selecting **Save**, a table displays the set of policies.
    Select the row containing the new policy, then select **Manage
    users**.

7.  Assign the users that need the ability to record to this policy.

8.  Select **Apply**.

#### MS.TEAMS.9.2v1, instructions:

1.  Sign in to the **[Microsoft Teams admin
    center](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).**

2.  Select **Meetings** > **Meeting policies**.

3.  Select the **Global (Org-wide default)** policy.
   
4.  Under the **Recording & transcription** section, set **Store
    recordings outside of your country or region** to **Off**.

5.  Select **Save**.

## 10. Recording of Live Events
This section helps reduce security risks related to the recording user permissions for Live Events.

### Policies
#### MS.TEAMS.10.1v1
Record an event SHOULD be set to Organizer can record Global (org-wide default) meeting policy and all custom policies.

> - _Rationale:_ The security risk of the default settings for Live Events are that Live Events are avaialble to be recoreded by all participants by default. By limiting the recording permissions to only the organizer this minimizes the security risk to the organizer's discretion for these Live Events.

Reviewer 2: Minor typos
```suggestion
- _Rationale:_ The security risk of the default settings for Live Events is that Live Events are available to be recorded by all participants by default. By limiting the recording permissions to only the organizer this minimizes the security risk to the organizer's discretion for these Live Events.
```

Also, I get what we're saying here, but the justification here feels weak to me. What is the security risk of having a live event recorded? Assuming proper SharePoint controls are in place, the recordings should be safe. Plus these live events things tend to be intended for large audiences, such as a town hall meeting. Meaning you wouldn't expect them to have info that isn't appropriate for the org at-large in the first place. Have we considered cutting this control? I think I remember some agencies expressing similar feelings during the pilot meetings, but not entirely sure.

### Implementation

> All the settings in this section are configured in the **Microsoft Teams admin center**.

Reviewer 2: For similar statements made for MS.TEAMS.1 through MS.TEAMS.5, "Microsoft Teams admin center" was a link. Recommend changing this to a link for consistency.

Author: Updated to add a link.

#### MS.TEAMS.10.1v1, instructions:

1.  Sign in to the **[Microsoft Teams admin
    center](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com).**

2.  Select **Meetings** > **Live events policies**.

3.  Select **Global (Org-wide default)**.

4.  Set **Record an event** to **Organizer can record**.

5.  Click **Save**.

6.  If custom policies have been created, repeat these steps for each
    policy, selecting the appropriate policy in step 3.

> ## 11. Data Loss Prevention

Reviewer 2: Looks like MS.TEAMS.11.2v1 and MS.TEAMS.11.3v1 are exact copies of each other.

Also, it may still be too soon to change these, but do we have an issue to update the resource sections that point to Defender with a more precise pointer? I do think this change should be a part of Emerald.

For example, change
> The “Data Loss Prevention SHALL Be Enabled” section of the Defender for Office 365 Minimum Viable Secure Configuration Baseline.

to 
> [Section 4, Data Loss Prevention | Defender for Office 365 Minimum Viable Secure Configuration Baseline](https://github.com/cisagov/ScubaGear/blob/260-revise-teams-policy-24-based-on-the-feedback-and-internal-testing/baselines/defender.md#4-data-loss-prevention).

Reviewer 3: I did not change the content in the last three policies since they are directed at defender. I agree with holding off until defender updates are in to have a more precise pointer and use the same language throughout the policy group and policies.
